That to output it all treat and you function in the same file again you could trade and you fall if
you want I'll name it update weather and this will expect to get the weather data and then I just want
to set the elements I'm retrieving hitter the city description and so on.
So I'm just going to copy them here and I can Exel some on my elements object I import here top Remember
this.
So elements then the element Webers city and here are d text content.
Property is the one I want to overwrite.
So this is the built in dorm property text content which allows me to set the text off aged female element
.
And here I want to use the data I passed to this function and that the city name which I do have because
Lebert data here is just the web or data object or class here.
So the object based on this class and this class does have a city name property description property
and the temperature property.
So therefore I'm set in the city name year and copy this.
And I also want to set the description text content here too.
But of course any of the scription properties then I want to set the temperature of course.
And here it is again the temperature field which will also trigger you get trap I set up here.
But this is not doing anything.
So that's all fine.
We could recon A-word the data back to Celsius if you want.
Maybe also good exercise but I will leave it like this.
So I'm not signing all that but you wouldn't be able to see anything because I'm not showing it.
It's hidden by default and I'm not showing it at any point during my app right.
So let's do this to all again use my elements object and here I want to show the element Webroot box
which is the box holding all these DTL elements up here.
And here I want to set the style display to block because by default is set to 9 of course with that
being set up I still have to call this update weather method.
So I'm doing this here in the then block of code update weather and I'll pass my Weber proxy Tudor's
up check or to dysfunctioning excuse me.
Now to test all this make sure to enter your app ID here at the top your mind is blurred out but you
should enter yours.
And with that well let's see if this all works.
I'll enter London and hit show weather it looks pretty good.
Let's check Berlin.
Also pretty good.
So Arap was almost finished.
Just some final touches to do.
But I think it's already amazing.
We're able to search for it in different cities and look how quickly and cleanly we treated the supplication
.
Now some final touches necessary.
And one of the things you probably saw is we never see us loading text not as Apple's lightning fast
so therefore it's not that problematic.
But imagine you have a slower internet connection or anything like that.
It would be great to see that actually something is happening.
So in order to shouldest loading text here at the top after we checked that a valeted name was entered
.
I want to access my elements object and then the loading text element.
And here I want to set the Issawi display to block so she showed a loading text.
And here at the bottom where I said my.
Well show my Weber data.
I want to set this to no one here at the top of course to make sure that I'm not showing any city names
.
Otherwise I wouldn't see the loading text or that would overlap or anything like that.
And on the other hand I will get rid of the loading text once the city has been loaded successfully
Sanches to those here at the bottom.
So with that if I now search for London again you should see loading forward a fraction of a second
at least so watch closely.
Yeah I think it was you could see it.
Let's try it again if I see a different set.
You should see it flicker up for part of a second day again.
Yes.
So here you can see it.
So that's the application No it's really finished.
As you can see not a whole lot of code.
Still a lot of the things you saw from this module with the new syntax for Aero functions reflect them
proxy promises and so on and a really cool application in my opinion showcasing a lot of that even showing
how to connect to a third party sarees.
And with that I really hope this course was able to get you to the point you comfortably use the new
features know how to use them today with the well of tracery for example.
Compile it and to build amazing applications.
Beginning from today on I wish you all the best and hope to see you in read courses where Byne